Update README of AutoSampler (#180)
optuna/optunahub-registry: package/samplers/auto_sampler/README.md

## Abstract

> This package automatically selects an appropriate sampler for the provided search space based on the developers' recommendation. The following article provide detaled information about AutoSampler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package automatically selects an appropriate sampler for the provided search space based on the developers' recommendation. The following article provides detailed information about AutoSampler.
```

Author: Thank you for your fix.
